Update user_guide.rst (#142)
pyviz-topics/examples: doc/user_guide.rst

Run Locally
===========

> To run an example locally first install anaconda-project.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To run an example locally, first install anaconda-project.
```

.. code:: bash
   
   conda install anaconda-project=0.8.3

> Each project folder has a file `anaconda-project.yml`, which can be run as a command.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Once you unpack the project locally and visit that directory, you can see that each project directory has a text file `anaconda-project.yml` that defines an environment along with predefined commands that can be run in that environment. To run the default command defined in that project, do:
```

.. code:: bash

   anaconda-project run

> Running this command will will install the dependencies for the particular project and start a Bokeh server (e.g. it will end with the statement : `Bokeh app running at: http://localhost:5006/attractors_panel` ). This link can be used to see how the dashboard for the particular example works. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Running this command will install the dependencies for the particular project, then execute whatever the first command is. E.g. for a Bokeh or Panel dashboard, the default command could start a Bokeh server (e.g. it will end with a statement like: `Bokeh app running at: http://localhost:5006/attractors_panel` ). You can then open the given link to see the running dashboard. 
```

> **Note**: This approach will not provide an environment where you can change the code in the notebook to see what each bit is doing.
> 
> If instead you would like to run a notebook, then do:
> 
> .. code:: bash
> 
>    anaconda-project run notebook
> 
> Don’t want to use anaconda-project or want to modify the code to see how it works?
> ~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If the default command is a dashboard or app but you want to see the individual steps involved, most projects also provide a predefined "notebook" command:

.. code:: bash

   anaconda-project run notebook

Other commands might be defined in the .yml file as well, e.g. multiple notebooks, multiple dashboards, or other tasks.  You can also run any command you like in the provided environment, even if it's not defined in the .yml already. E.g. to launch a Jupyter notebook server for the entire directory, you can ask `anaconda-project` to run `jupyter notebook`, `jupyter lab`, or any other program:

.. code:: bash

   anaconda-project run jupyter notebook
```

> If you don’t want to use anaconda-project, you can create a regular

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you don’t want to use anaconda-project at all, you can create a regular
```

**NOTE:** If the notebook depends on data files, you will need to
download them explicitly if you don’t use anaconda-project, by
extracting the URLs defined in anaconda-project.yml and saving the

> file(s) to this directory. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
file(s) to this directory.
```
